README.md, before:

# OmniAssistant : Your All-in-One AI Assistant

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

**Table of Contents:**

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
   - [Clone the Repository](#1-clone-the-repository)
   - [Navigate to the Project Folder](#2-navigate-to-the-project-folder)
   - [Install Dependencies](#3-install-dependencies)
   - [Run the Application](#4-run-the-application)
   - [Access the Application](#5-access-the-application)
3. [Key Features](#key-features)
   - [ChatMeh](#1-chatmeh)
   - [Quick Chat](#2-quick-chat)
   - [PDF Talks](#3-pdf-talks)
   - [Recipe Generator](#4-recipe-generator)
   - [Fun Zone](#5-fun-zone)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
5. [Contributing](#contributing)
6. [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
7. [License](#license)
8. [Changelog](#changelog)
9. [Contributors ✨](#contributors-✨)

## Introduction

GEMINI CHATS is an innovative web application that combines the power of the GEMINI PRO and GEMINI PRO VISION models, providing users with a versatile and immersive experience. It offers features for communication, recipe generation, image recognition, and now includes the PDF Talker for discussing PDF content.

## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the Project Folder

```bash
cd omni-assistant
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

Choose one of the following package managers to install project dependencies.

- Using Npm :

```bash
npm install
```

- Using Bun :

```bash
bun install
```

- Using Yarn :

```bash
yarn install
```

- Using Bundler (if using Ruby on Rails):

```bash
bundle install
```

### 4. Run the Application

Choose the appropriate command based on your package manager.

- Using Npm :

```bash
npm run dev
```

- Using Bun :

```bash
bun run dev
```

- Using Yarn :

```bash
yarn run dev
```

- Using Bundler (if using Ruby on Rails):

```bash
bundle exec rails server
```

### 5. Access the Application

The application will be accessible at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Open your web browser and navigate to this URL.

That's it! You've successfully set up and launched OmniAssistant on your local machine. If you encounter any issues during the installation process, refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](#contributing) document or seek assistance in our community.

## Key Features:

#### 1.**ChatMeh:**

- Experience a conversational AI assistant that remembers previous interactions and generates responses based on context. This feature allows for natural and engaging conversations.

#### 2.**Quick Chat:**

- Engage in quick and efficient exchanges with the AI without the need for context storage. Ideal for swift responses to simple queries.

#### 3.**PDF Talks:**

- Upload PDF documents and engage in discussions about their content. Explore topics, share insights, and discuss anything related to the uploaded PDFs.

#### 4.**Recipe Generator:**

- Unleash your inner chef with two recipe generation variants:
  - Text-based variant: Generate recipes using only text input, catering to specific dietary preferences and ingredients.
  - Image-based variant: Capture the essence of a food-related image and derive a recipe based on its visual content.

#### 5.**Fun Zone:**

- Challenge your perception and analytical skills with a variety of image-related tasks:
  - Object counting: Determine the number of objects in a given image.
  - Item identification: Recognize and list the items present in an image.

## Technologies Used:

- **Next.js 14 :** Next.js is a React framework that enables the creation of fast and scalable web applications. It simplifies the development process and provides features such as server-side rendering, static site generation, and automatic code splitting.

- **Redis :** Redis is an in-memory data structure store that can be used as a database, cache, and message broker. It's known for its speed and versatility. In your project, it can serve as both a database and a caching mechanism, providing efficient data storage and retrieval.

- **Zustand :** Zustand is a lightweight state management library for React. It offers a simple and intuitive API for managing state in your application. Zustand is known for its minimalistic approach and ease of integration with React componentsZustand is a lightweight state management library for React. It offers a simple and intuitive API for managing state in your application. Zustand is known for its minimalistic approach and ease of integration with React components.

- **Framer Motion :** Framer Motion is a React animation library that makes it easy to add smooth and interactive animations to your components. It provides a simple syntax for creating animations using React components and hooks. Framer Motion is particularly well-suited for UI animations, transitions, and gestures.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Code of Conduct

See [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for details on our code of conduct.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/) - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

## Changelog

See [CHANGE_LOG.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CHANGE_LOG.md) for details on what has changed.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
   <table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://github.com/devdaim6.png?size=80" width="80px;" alt="Daim Zahoor"/><br /><sub><b>Daim Zahoor</b></sub><br /><a href="https://omni-assistant.vercel.app/Daim Zahoor/omni-assistant/commits?author=devdaim6" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://github.com/DaimZahoorCSE.png?size=80" width="80px;" alt="Daim Zahoor"/><br /><sub><b>Daim Zahoor</b></sub><br /><a href="https://omni-assistant.vercel.app/Daim Zahoor/omni-assistant/commits?author=DaimZahoorCSE" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

feat: Add Vercel deployment button

README.md, after:

# OmniAssistant : Your All-in-One AI Assistant

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

## Deploy to Vercel With Just One Click

[![Deploy to Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/project?template=https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant)

**Table of Contents:**

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
   - [Clone the Repository](#1-clone-the-repository)
   - [Navigate to the Project Folder](#2-navigate-to-the-project-folder)
   - [Install Dependencies](#3-install-dependencies)
   - [Run the Application](#4-run-the-application)
   - [Access the Application](#5-access-the-application)
3. [Key Features](#key-features)
   - [ChatMeh](#1-chatmeh)
   - [Quick Chat](#2-quick-chat)
   - [PDF Talks](#3-pdf-talks)
   - [Recipe Generator](#4-recipe-generator)
   - [Fun Zone](#5-fun-zone)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
5. [Contributing](#contributing)
6. [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
7. [License](#license)
8. [Changelog](#changelog)
9. [Contributors](#contributors)

## Introduction

GEMINI CHATS is an innovative web application that combines the power of the GEMINI PRO and GEMINI PRO VISION models, providing users with a versatile and immersive experience. It offers features for communication, recipe generation, image recognition, and now includes the PDF Talker for discussing PDF content.

## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant.git
```

### 2. Navigate to the Project Folder

```bash
cd omni-assistant
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

Choose one of the following package managers to install project dependencies.

- Using Npm :

```bash
npm install
```

- Using Bun :

```bash
bun install
```

- Using Yarn :

```bash
yarn install
```

- Using Bundler (if using Ruby on Rails):

```bash
bundle install
```

### 4. Run the Application

Choose the appropriate command based on your package manager.

- Using Npm :

```bash
npm run dev
```

- Using Bun :

```bash
bun run dev
```

- Using Yarn :

```bash
yarn run dev
```

- Using Bundler (if using Ruby on Rails):

```bash
bundle exec rails server
```

### 5. Access the Application

The application will be accessible at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Open your web browser and navigate to this URL.

That's it! You've successfully set up and launched OmniAssistant on your local machine. If you encounter any issues during the installation process, refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](#contributing) document or seek assistance in our community.

## Key Features:

#### 1.**ChatMeh:**

- Experience a conversational AI assistant that remembers previous interactions and generates responses based on context. This feature allows for natural and engaging conversations.

#### 2.**Quick Chat:**

- Engage in quick and efficient exchanges with the AI without the need for context storage. Ideal for swift responses to simple queries.

#### 3.**PDF Talks:**

- Upload PDF documents and engage in discussions about their content. Explore topics, share insights, and discuss anything related to the uploaded PDFs.

#### 4.**Recipe Generator:**

- Unleash your inner chef with two recipe generation variants:
  - Text-based variant: Generate recipes using only text input, catering to specific dietary preferences and ingredients.
  - Image-based variant: Capture the essence of a food-related image and derive a recipe based on its visual content.

#### 5.**Fun Zone:**

- Challenge your perception and analytical skills with a variety of image-related tasks:
  - Object counting: Determine the number of objects in a given image.
  - Item identification: Recognize and list the items present in an image.

## Technologies Used:

- **Next.js 14 :** Next.js is a React framework that enables the creation of fast and scalable web applications. It simplifies the development process and provides features such as server-side rendering, static site generation, and automatic code splitting.

- **Redis :** Redis is an in-memory data structure store that can be used as a database, cache, and message broker. It's known for its speed and versatility. In your project, it can serve as both a database and a caching mechanism, providing efficient data storage and retrieval.

- **Zustand :** Zustand is a lightweight state management library for React. It offers a simple and intuitive API for managing state in your application. Zustand is known for its minimalistic approach and ease of integration with React componentsZustand is a lightweight state management library for React. It offers a simple and intuitive API for managing state in your application. Zustand is known for its minimalistic approach and ease of integration with React components.

- **Framer Motion :** Framer Motion is a React animation library that makes it easy to add smooth and interactive animations to your components. It provides a simple syntax for creating animations using React components and hooks. Framer Motion is particularly well-suited for UI animations, transitions, and gestures.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Code of Conduct

See [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) for details on our code of conduct.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/) - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

## Changelog

See [CHANGE_LOG.md](https://github.com/devdaim6/omni-assistant/blob/main/CHANGE_LOG.md) for details on what has changed.

## Contributors ✨

We appreciate the valuable contributions from the following individuals:

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
   <table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://github.com/devdaim6.png?size=80" width="80px;" alt="Daim Zahoor"/><br /><sub><b>Daim Zahoor</b></sub><br /><a href="https://omni-assistant.vercel.app/Daim Zahoor/omni-assistant/commits?author=devdaim6" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><img src="https://github.com/DaimZahoorCSE.png?size=80" width="80px;" alt="Daim Zahoor"/><br /><sub><b>Daim Zahoor</b></sub><br /><a href="https://omni-assistant.vercel.app/Daim Zahoor/omni-assistant/commits?author=DaimZahoorCSE" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Thank you to all our contributors for making this project better!
